README.md, before:

# [jQuery Tree v1.0.0](http://markmurphy.github.com/tree) 

Description coming soon...



## Versioning

For transparency and insight into our release cycle, and for striving to maintain backward compatibility, Tree will be maintained under the Semantic Versioning guidelines as much as possible.

Releases will be numbered with the following format:

`<major>.<minor>.<patch>`

And constructed with the following guidelines:

* Breaking backward compatibility bumps the major (and resets the minor and patch)
* New additions without breaking backward compatibility bumps the minor (and resets the patch)
* Bug fixes and misc changes bumps the patch

For more information on SemVer, please visit http://semver.org/.



## Bug tracker

Have a bug or a feature request? [Please open a new issue](https://github.com/markmurphy/tree/issues). Before opening any issue, please search for existing issues.



## Contributing

Feel free to fork the project and submit your pull requests anytime!



## Authors

**Mark Murphy**

+ http://twitter.com/murphy_mark
+ http://github.com/markmurphy



## Copyright and license

Copyright 2013 Mark Murphy

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this work except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License in the LICENSE file, or at:

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Adding some new code and the beginnings of a new repo structure, more to follow soon.

README.md, after:

# [Tree v1.0.0 alpha](http://markmurphy.github.com/tree) 

Tree is an open source HTML5 javascript tree control plugin for jQuery that integrates by itself or with the twitter bootstrap framework and will hopfully be a major game changer as far as this type of component goes. 
This project was started because we needed a better solution for our file tree on compilr.com and frankly, so does the rest of the open source community. 

The problem with current solutions is that some of the more fully featured ones are poorly written, documented and just way too bloated. The goal here is to produce a solution that's much more light weight but still fully featured. 
Something with a clear and easy to follow API and something that follows todays semantic markup standards including being WAI-ARIA compliant.

Ultimately we're hoping to give the jquery-ui team a head start on their own tree widget which is still in the [planning stages](http://wiki.jqueryui.com/w/page/12138128/Tree)



## Versioning

For transparency and insight into our release cycle, and for striving to maintain backward compatibility, Tree will be maintained under the Semantic Versioning guidelines as much as possible.

Releases will be numbered with the following format:

`<major>.<minor>.<patch>`

And constructed with the following guidelines:

* Breaking backward compatibility bumps the major (and resets the minor and patch)
* New additions without breaking backward compatibility bumps the minor (and resets the patch)
* Bug fixes and misc changes bumps the patch

For more information on SemVer, please visit http://semver.org/.



## Bug tracker

Have a bug or a feature request? [Please open a new issue](https://github.com/markmurphy/tree/issues). Before opening any issue, please search for existing issues.



## Contributing

Feel free to fork the project and submit your pull requests anytime!



## Authors

**Mark Murphy**

+ http://twitter.com/murphy_mark
+ http://github.com/markmurphy



## Copyright and license

Copyright 2013 Mark Murphy

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this work except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License in the LICENSE file, or at:

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
